Update scripts README.md (#367)
VirtualDrivers/Virtual-Display-Driver: Community Scripts/README.md

#Scripts

> This is a collection of Powershell scripts, written during the whole driver development. PR's are welcome for improvements or other/more functions. There haven't been a focus on keeping the scripts "up to date" all the time. Which means changes that might have occurred in the modules that these scripts depend upon, haven't been corrected either. These are more ment as a framework for "tinkers" to make use of Powershell to change settings on the fly. To use these, you should be at least be comfortable with Powershell and understand Admin privilegiets, risk/reward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a collection of PowerShell scripts, written during driver development. PR's are welcome for improvements and new features. There hasn't been a focus on keeping the scripts "up to date". This means changes that might have occurred in the modules these scripts depend upon haven't yet been corrected. These scripts are to be used as a framework for "tinkerers". Use PowerShell with Admin privileges to run these scripts and to make changes to settings on the fly.
```

> Anyway here is a short description of each script:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is a short description of each script:
```
